# Errors-executing-Cordova-commands-
 => Started proxy.                              => Started MongoDB.                            WARNING: Attempting to install plugin                   cordova-plugin-inappbrowser@1.0.1, but it should have a          minimum version of 1.3.0 to ensure compatibility with the          current platform versions. Installing the minimum version for          convenience, but you should adjust your dependencies.                                                                          WARNING: You are testing your app on a remote device. For the mobile          app to be able to connect to the local server, make sure your          device is on the same network, and that the network          configuration allows clients to talk to each other (no client          isolation). => Started your app.                                                                          => App running at: http://localhost:3000/      => Errors executing Cordova commands:                                                            While running Cordova app for platform Android with options --device:    Error: Command failed:                         /home/aamproduct/Bureau/androidapp/.meteor/local/cordova-build/platforms/android/cordova/run    --device    FAILURE: Build failed with an exception.        * What went wrong:    Execution failed for task ':CordovaLib:processDebugResources'.    > A problem occurred starting process 'command    '/home/aamproduct/Téléchargements/android-sdk-linux/build-tools/23.0.3/aapt''        * Try:    Run with --stacktrace option to get the stack trace. Run with --info    or --debug option to get more log output.    Error code 1 for command:    /home/aamproduct/Bureau/androidapp/.meteor/local/cordova-build/platforms/android/gradlew    with args:    cdvBuildDebug,-b,/home/aamproduct/Bureau/androidapp/.meteor/local/cordova-build/platforms/android/build.gradle,-PcdvBuildArch=arm,-Dorg.gradle.daemon=true,-Pandroid.useDeprecatedNdk=true    undefined    at ChildProcess.exitCallback (/tools/utils/processes.js:151:23)    at ChildProcess.emit (events.js:98:17)    at Process.ChildProcess._handle.onexit (child_process.js:820:12)  /home/aamproduct/.meteor/packages/meteor-tool/.1.3.2_4.10vjklo++os.linux.x86_64+web.browser+web.cordova/mt-os.linux.x86_64/isopackets/cordova-support/npm/node_modules/meteor/promise/node_modules/meteor-promise/promise_server.js:116       throw error;             ^ ExitWithCode:1
